Okay. So, it looks like our app was created successfully,
and we have a bunch of instructions here that tell
us how to run things and how to build it.
I love the level of detail that Create React app gives you.
There are good instructions all over the code base in the comments,
and all of the different files.
So, I would encourage you to go poking around in there.
For now, we're just going to follow
the instructions here for starting our development server.
So, go into the context directory,
and you could run yarn start.
Now when we run yarn start,
Create React app is automatically going to open a browser window
with the app running right there in the browser. That's pretty cool.
It says to get started,
edit src/App.js and save it to reload.
So, in our editor, let's open src/App.js.
And now, we can see the code that is running right there in the browser.
This code should look pretty familiar to some stuff that we've done up until this point.
We have an app component,
which is rendering a div.
That div is rendering a child,
an element, as well as a paragraph element.
But remember that none of these are strings.
We know already from our previous work that every single one of
these elements is created through a function call to create element.
That GSX is just the syntax that helps us to express that a little more concisely.
One of the really cool things about Create React app is that it
automatically gives us the auto reload behavior that we saw before.
So for example, we could edit this header,
and we can say, "Hello World".
If we save it, our browser is automatically going to refresh,
and show those changes.
One thing that we don't see in this file is any reference to ReactDOM,
or how this DOM is actually getting into the page.
For that, we're going to have to look at the project a little bit more.
So, if we pop open the file browser here,
we can see that App.js is in the source directory.
But how is app actually making it into the page?
In order to find that, open up src/index.js.
So, this call should look familiar to you.
index.js imports app from the app file,
and renders the app into the root element that is already in the document.
Similarly, you might be wondering where the root element is coming from.
Well, for that, what you can do,
is open up public/index.html.
And here you could see the html document that all of this JavaScript is running it.
So here is our div right here, our root element.
When we run our build,
what PAC is going to generate a bundle with all of our JavaScript,
and put a script tag in the page right after this div.
So, that's how it all comes together.
If you want to learn more about how Create React app works,
I'd recommend checking out the "Read me" which contains instructions,
and detailed guides about how to use it,
and how to modify it to suit your specific needs.